Detail the process for contributing in the Readme (#92)
bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/architecture: README.md

# Application Services Architecture

This repository is intended to collect and keep up to date the proposals and decisions taken into the context of the Managed Application Services group.

https://architecture.appservices.tech

## Terminology cheat sheet

 - `ADR` - Architecture Decision Record - records a decision (specific to *a single* service) that *MUST be followed* in applicable circumstances. The only way to avoid it is to supersede the decision.
 - `PADR` - Platform Architecture Decision Record - records a decision (applying to *all* services) that *MUST be followed* in applicable circumstances. The only way to avoid it is to supersede the decision.
 - `AP` - Architecture Proposal - records a decision that *SHOULD be taken into consideration* in applicable circumstances. When an AP becomes generally applicable it can be promoted to ADR/PADR.

## Service Tech Leads

> The current Service Tech Leads are:

Reviewer: In the past we wanted to avoid putting names to roles too explicitly. We could use a team for this. @emmanuelbernard wdyt?

Author: > We could use a team for this.

I cannot find a matching Team in GitHub:
https://github.com/orgs/bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/teams
(but I can notice that offboarding is not working even in this org 🙁 )

can you suggest what to use here?

Author: One among those 4 is probably a good first guess:
https://github.com/orgs/bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/teams/org-management-team

Reviewer: @grdryn could you create a team for this?

Reviewer 2: The group can now be annoyed as @bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/service-leads (sorry ;D)

Author: fixed, thanks @grdryn for the support!

- @tombentley
- @maleck13
- @EricWittmann
- @lburgazzoli
- @danielezonca
- @emmanuelbernard

## Contributing

The process to contribute to this repository looks as follows:

> 1. Identify the possible need for an ADR/AP/PADR
> 2. Open an [issue](https://github.com/bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/architecture/issues)
> 3. The Service Tech Leads agree on opening an ADR/AP/PADR and assign an ID to it
> 4. The original issue gets closed
> 5. A PR with the actual content of the proposal is opened
> 5. The Service Tech Leads identify the relevant stakeholders and assign the reviewers
> 6. The Service Tech Leads review or delegate the review of the proposal
> 7. After the needed rounds of comments/discussions/updates of the PR a decision is taken to either Merge and accept the proposal or Reject it

Reviewer: I think this would be clearer for all if we're explicit about who does what in each step.

```suggestion
1. Someone identifies the possible need for an ADR/AP/PADR
2. They open an [issue](https://github.com/bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/architecture/issues)
3. One or several of the Service Tech Leads agree on opening an ADR/AP/PADR; they assign an author (likely the person from step 1, above) and use the phrase `create adr` (or `create ap`, `create padr`). 
4. A bot open and merge a PR that assigns the id for the ADR/AP/PADR, creates a draft and closes the original issue.
5. The author opens a PR with the actual content of the proposal
5. The Service Tech Leads identify the relevant stakeholders and assign the reviewers
6. The Service Tech Leads review or delegate the review of the proposal
7. After the needed rounds of comments/discussions/updates of the PR a decision is taken to either Accept the proposal or Reject it. The outcome is recorded via the ADR/AP/PADR's `status` field. In either case, one of Service Tech Leads the merges the PR
```

Author: thanks 👍
